What is your refund policy? Decide this isn't for you? You'll have up to 7 days to file for contract cancellation and receive a full refund minus processing fees (2.9%), no questions asked. This is provided you haven't made physical modifications to your plot.

What is the Pocket Plots Scout program? Want to earn free land from Pocket Plots? Help us scout new properties to add to our inventory, take pictures, and keep track of our existing spaces. Learn more by clicking on the "Scout" tab in the header.

What if Pocket Plots goes bankrupt or closes its doors? We don't envision this happening in the foreseeable future, but we do have backup protections baked into our land usage licenses. Should we close, we'll provide ample notice and provide you the option to purchase the underlying property at a fair market value. Thus, you have the opportunity to hang onto the land forever with your purchase.

What am I allowed to do on my land? You're allowed to use your land for any lawful purpose within the confines of the county and state it lies within. Build, camp, dwell. 

How will I know what area is mine? We'll provide you a set of accurate coordinates that define the boundaries of your space. You'll also be able to easily open these in Google Maps. Smartphone GPS has become increasingly accurate and will more than get the job done for determining your boundaries

How do property taxes and other fees work? At checkout, you'll add a contribution to the parcel's property taxes, HOA fees, and other associated fees. Usually, this runs less than $10 and is a one time payment. We'll automatically pay the property taxes and fees for years to come.

How do I find my property? You can import your plot's corners into Google Maps to locate your plot in real life. 

Is this a real estate company? Since we do not enable transactions involving a title or deed, we're not considered a brokerage or real estate business. We are not required to have a license, meaning transactions process instantly with no slow county interaction.

Can I sell my land? Yes. The Pocket Plots Marketplace allows you to sell your property to other users on the platform with ease. You're also able to transfer the contract to a non-Pocket Plots user, meaning you can sell off-site.

Can I list my deeded property on Pocket Plots? This is something that we are looking into. Parcels that sell on Pocket Plots can earn far over market value, and we'd love to open this opportunity to the public. Please reach out for more information.

Can I Airbnb/rent out my space? You're allowed to use your property for any lawful purpose. Yes, you can rent out your space.

Do I really own the land? Yes and no. Pocket Plots utilizes a modified land usage license to legally allow you unlimited access to our land. You own the contract, you own the space. We can't simply void your contract either—it's solidified for your consumer protection. Should we be unable to maintain the contract in the future, you can still own the land. Many in the industry have considered this to be quite similar to traditional deed ownership.

What is Pocket Plots Land? We are a real estate company that makes land ownership accessible to all.

Does anyone else but you own this land contract that you agree upon? Also, are you able to obtain two plots next to each other, provided they are available? Are they truly $99 or is there additional payment?No, each land contract is owned by one person only, and that person is the one who has purchased our land contract through our site. There are no additional payments for any purchase. All purchases are one-time. Nobody else can use your space, you're the sole contractual owner. You can get two parallel plots and combine them.

Question about the ownership of the land. From the information page “we'll provide ample notice and provide you the option to purchase the underlying property at a fair market value” how is this fair market value established and why is the property not divisional ownership if you are selling the land. Not sure why I would buy the land, invest in structures or improvements when I may be responsible for buying the property again in the future for an undetermined value or now an increased dollar amount. Does your loaning bank agree to the terms in the contract that the buyer is agreeing to? If foreclosure happens the bank would take land and improvements.Fair market value is determined by a 3rd party assessor. There would be no foreclosure sale, it would be independently done. We'd own the parcel outright. At $99-199 it's definitely geared towards casual buyers & enthusiasts. We don't foresee any issue maintaining the agreement in the far future.

When do we get papers etc after purchasing? Should be within a couple of Pocket Plots. All documentation are automatically generated by our system. 

Haven't heard back so I'm just reaching out again about the issue with the extra contract I received. If you could help that'd be greatly appreciated! You can email us from the contact page on our website, or join our discord.

Do we have permission to access our land if it’s not near the road? Meaning we would have to cross or drive on someone else’s property to get there. All of our plots have a ~10-20 foot margin between them. And since all of our properties have physical access, you should never have to cross other properties for access. No plot listed is inaccessible, and additionally nearly all of the surrounding land is vacant.

Hi everyone ! Does the county recognize us as the sole owners of the property or do they recognize Pocket Plot land? Do we get a copy of the deed ? They recognize Pocket Plot Land, but there's always the potential for you to earn the legal deed in the future if we can no longer maintain the agreement.

Being a licensed realtor how do you feel about Pocket Plot’s business model? If you don’t mind me asking I think it makes a ton of sense. It’s a win win for both sides. They’re just providing you the rights to the land. You don’t have to pay the large upfront cost of ownership, and Pocket Plot increases the value of the land the more “tenants” are  owning. Especially if the people that sign the lease do in fact build structures and improve the land.

Hi! Trying to understand if I can buy a plot and drive and park on it if there’s no road access near? Anybody knows? Every plot of land has road access. Each plot has a coupe of feet of space in between.

Does anyone know how to tell what your plot number is? Thinking of adding one more but unsure what plot available is next time mine. Your best reference is the gps coordinates, plug those in on google earth and save each point as a “My Place”

I see we get GPS coordinates to get approximate points of the parcel boundaries.  Are their property pins also in place marking the boundaries? Currently, there is not, but in the future, we will likely be going to the sites and putting them up.

Can i use this land for billing address purposes? Gotta save some taxs on stuff i buy? You usually have to apply for the creation of a mailing address once you are almost finished with the building process of a residence. They will not do this for a vacant plot of land. Given the location, I also seriously doubt that until there is further development of the area mailing addresses would even be able to be created. Having an off the grid residence in areas such as these usually means you have a PO Box at the nearest Post Office and you pickup your mail there. They are absolutely not delivering mail to the middle of nowhere. Once people do start to build in the area, the post office will usually work to create a closer central mailbox grouping near a mail route and deliver everything to multiple boxes there.

What would be the best way to accurately locate NW, SW, NE, SE coordinates in person? People are looking into handheld gps that are used for surveyors, but phone also works. 

What can I do with Pocket Plot land? You can build your oasis, get just enough space to build a revenue generating off-grid rental or your dream weekend getaway. You can also resell and earn. Buy a plot today and resell it at any time to other Pocket Plot buyers. Increase value with changes to the land. Zero listing fees. 

Drop the commitment. Save thousands and get just enough space to recharge, explore, and build your off grid paradise. 
